 Guys, how tight is this freaking shot? Geez. All right, no, I mean, it's okay, but I don't want to scare people. Our lives are full of problems, or challenges as I like to call them. Climate change is probably the biggest one, and it might feel impossible to overcome until you change the way you look at it. Science can give you a new perspective, this way of thinking. But this new perspective idea really came to me when I was in physics class in high school. And by the way, you know the old saying, everything happens for a reason? That reason is usually physics. . So I was in Mr. Lang's class, and this is he puts pressure on you, have you go up to the chalkboard, this is before whiteboards. And he had me deal with an ellipse. Now you're probably familiar with a circle. A circle looks like this. It's round. Well, there's also another shape called an ellipse, which looks like this. Now I don't know how into circles and ellipses you are, but a circle has a radius and a diameter. But an ellipse has not just one number, it has two. It has a long axis, or major axis, and it has a short axis, or minor axis. And they're related with some x squareds and some y squareds, some a's, b's. Well, one day in physics class, Mr. Lang, outstanding physics teacher, George Lang, had me go to the board and write an equation for an ellipse. But it wasn't like this, it was like this. So I start writing this thing, and when it's this shape, you get some cross terms, some x's and y's. And it gets pretty clumsy pretty quickly. Well, Mr. Lang stopped me, and he said, the ellipse isn't tilted, you're tilted. Just look at the problem like this. And when you do that, the equations are a lot more straightforward. So I've thought about that quite a bit. The way you look at a problem affects how you approach it. Isn't that straightforward? If you change your point of view, you can look at a problem a different way, and maybe solve it more quickly. I'm optimistic for a couple of reasons. The first reason is, young people are gonna take action. You can't meet a young person that's not very concerned about climate change. And so when they are voting and becoming captains of industry, they're gonna work on this problem very quickly. They're gonna get it done. The second thing is, I can see the technologies from here. And by that, I mean I can easily imagine a better power grid, better energy storage, electricity storage systems, better ways to desalinate seawater and irrigate crops with fresh water produced from the ocean. I can imagine all of that easily. I can imagine whole new ways to make electricity using fusion, or some technology that's just emerging right now, if we were to invest. I think about my grandparents. And when they were born, no one had a mobile phone. They didn't understand anything about this science that has led to the most commonplace objects we have around us today. Science is a technology. It's a technology. It's a technology. It's a technology. It's a technology. It's a technology. It's a technology. It's a technology. It's a technology. It's a technology. It's a technology. It's a technology. It's a technology. It's a guiding star that can lead us to an optimistic future. But the situation's quite serious. As I say, if you like to worry about things, you're living at a great time. But if you don't, you're living at a great time. And I think that's the key to our success. I think that's the key to our success. All right. Here we go. The whole story. No snoring. So it'll affect the audio. You can snore. Just do it quietly. Just real subtle. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. For those of you still awake, buckle up, people. We're going on some deep dives into scientific minutia. I'm going to take you on some tangents. We're going to digress and talk about trivia. What may seem like random science facts have a grander purpose. And I believe small things can lead to big ideas. Let me explain. So people talk about trivia and dismiss it. Well, that's trivial. But I claim the more trivia you know, the more you know, whatever it might be, state capitals, the order of elements on the periodic table. You can remember them because you have hung them on a scaffold in your mind. You've hung them on a framework. In other words, you have a way of thinking that enables you to order or organize those things. And so when I think about the problems facing us today, especially climate change, there's a tendency to pick one thing or another. If we just did this one thing, if everybody stopped eating meat, if everybody stopped driving to work, if everybody stopped flying, then we would solve this problem. But I claim that's not going to do it. We have to do everything all at once. And for that, we're going to have to use our framework, our scaffold of remembering things or learning things and the things we have learned, all the trivia. It has to be integrated. We have to think from the bottom up and the top down. The trivial facts will inform the big ideas. The big ideas will help us sort out which facts to keep track of. And it's that balance that this is. This next section is about everything all at once. And the gas is filling up the balloon. Have you always loved stuff like this? Always. Isn't it fun? Yeah, even when you were a little boy, though. Oh, yeah. I don't remember when I didn't love it. So people say to me, Bill, Nye, science guy, how did you get interested in science? Well, like so many people, I was. I was greatly influenced by my parents. My parents were both science-minded people. My mother was recruited by the Navy to work on the Enigma code. This infamous German military code. Because she was good at math and science. And I will say objectively, my mother was very good at puzzles. And when you grow up with all the science going on, you think it's the way to go. I thought it was really cool. But here's what happened. Everybody. We were playing cards on the front porch. At this point in our story, I am perhaps four years old. And I got stung by a bee. And this was traumatic. It was my first bee sting. Didn't know what happened. Came out of nowhere. And I was crying. I was young. I was crying. My mother put ammonia on the bee sting. And ammonia, for those of you who are not familiar with it, is what you smell when you smell window cleaner. Ammonia is really good at cleaning glass. Anyway, the ammonia bottle has skull and crossbones. My mother's trying to kill me. That's what I was thinking. And I was a rambunctious little boy. I can understand that. Her interest in killing me. I got that. But after she put the ammonia on the bee sting, it somehow denatures the venom. And the bee sting felt better. Almost immediately. I thought, that's amazing that this poison, if you drink it, it would be really bad. If you put it on your skin, it could have great benefit after a bee sting. And so then I started watching bees. I started to spend all summer watching bees come and go from these azalea bushes. My mother was very fond of. I got to the point where I thought I was watching the same bee, the same individual come, fill her pollen baskets, fly off and come back. It's fascinating. Just watch bees. And then remember reading in Ripley's Believe It or Not in the Washington Post. According to aerodynamic theory, bumble bees cannot fly. That's amazing. And I realized, don't believe everything grownups tell you. That the bees are flying fine. The problem has got to be with this theory. If indeed there really is a problem. And it turned out that people really didn't fully understand how bees fly until many years later. Bees turn their wings completely upside down and bring them forward. Almost like somebody with feathering oars on a skull on a rowing boat. After a while, when I got out of engineering school, my first job was in aerospace. Was it Boeing? Because it's just exciting to watch things fly. And all that started. Because I got stung by a bee and my scientifically passionate parents took care of it. I think my mother would be proud of me. Everyday things she did as I was growing up started me on a lifelong journey in science. The reason I wanted to do the Bill Nye the Science Guy show is because I was very concerned about the future. Without science, we are not going to address climate change. We're not going to be able to feed billions of people. And so what we have to do is get young people excited about science. When we did the Science Guy show in the 1990s, we had very compelling research that 10 years old is about as old as you can be to get what we call the lifelong passion for science. It does not cost that much to teach elementary science and the benefits down the road will be extraordinary. If we have an increasingly technologically complex society and we have a smaller and smaller fraction of our populace who understands how it all works, that is a formula for disaster. And it's easy for me to say that and it's easy for anyone to nod along. But for reals, everybody, we have to educate young people in the process. The passion, beauty, and the like. We have to sort of think and chew what they are thinking and who they Linda and who they are thinking of doing to messing together whatever the possible events of thekes we might do. So I was looking at the 87 of science just in Huey And J fourths. I had Stockton and have been at安 sang each period for you. We ended up writing the whole thing for you over the weekend. I'm still continuing to edit the book, which is what Li just wrote about doing. And you'll love it. specific. It's something you can test. So after the TV show, after the podcast, after this master class, we could ask you a question about what we had discussed and you'd be able to recite or come back with the answer. In elementary science education, it would be, we know that dinosaurs existed because we found their fossil bones. Dinosaurs and humans did not live at the same time. Okay, if you get all this other stuff about potassium, argon dating and radioactivity and volcanic ash burying certain bone beds, then that's great. We know ancient dinosaurs existed. We found their fossil bones. Humans and dinosaurs, ancient dinosaurs did not live at the same time. Okay. Those are learning objectives. Discrep in events. There's something unexpected. Something you observe that you didn't expect to observe. Furthermore, you have a hypothesis about it that just doesn't work out. It's unexpected. It's counterintuitive. It's discrepant. Whatever it is, something happened and you can't figure out why it happened and it catches your attention. It's a great starting point for critical thinking. People talk about entropy and I just want everybody to realize what entropy is. It's a great starting point for critical thinking. People talk about entropy and I just want everybody to realize what entropy is. It's a measurement of disorder. And the classic example, everybody, is heat. Heat is energy that always spreads out. Ponds and lakes do not freeze spontaneously in the summertime. Heat spreads out. Energy spreads out. Time only goes one way. You're born, you grow up, and so on. Here's an entropy demonstration. Today, you will learn aboutreibones Hod.. Free? Yeah.ّ Hum inauguration fal shear Taed. Are you there? Yeah. emerging from disorder. Entropy is going away. Time is running backwards. Dogs are living with cats and so on. But you know, this is some Bill Nye science guy trick or demonstration. You know the beads do not have minds of their own and they're choosing to float or sink. You know that. And so overcome any superstition. Accept that things are not always as they appear. So how did this happen? How did order come from disorder? Did a pond freeze in the summertime? This is a science teacher's discrepant event. This is something unexpected. And when the unexpected happens, that's an opportunity for learning, for engagement. That's it. As Isaac Asimov once said, the most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not eureka, but hmm, that's funny. This is a demonstration about entropy. The arrow of time goes one way. Heat energy always spreads out. And this is a huge problem for us humans. For centuries, we've been using heat to make something spin, to make mechanical, useful, and useful things. And we've been using heat to make something spin, to make mechanical, useful, and useful things. And we've been using heat to make something spin, to make mechanical, useful, and useful things. And we've been using heat to make something spin, to make mechanical, useful work. That's what a car engine is. That's what a turbine at an electric power plant is. We get something hot. We get it to expand. We get molecules to spread out. And as they spread out, we get them to push on something, to make something spin. Well, in the coming decades, everybody, we can't just be burning fossil fuels as a source of heat and trying to convert that into useful work. Electricity is this wonderful, magical energy. And so we have to find new ways to produce it. Just think. Just think what is possible in the next few decades, especially if we can produce electricity in virtually unlimited quantities. Oh, it's so exciting. It fills me with optimism about the future. The quality of life of everyone will go up. And we are going to do this. We're going to figure out how to do this with science. I got to say, I love this demonstration. Oh, you want to know how it works? Oh, yeah, that. Well, while there are two different beads, two different kinds of beads, two different colors and two different densities, in general, in plastic, everybody, when something is a darker color, it's denser. A black, a black, a black, a black, a black, a black, a black, a black, a black, a black, a black, a black flying disc weighs more than a white flying disc. So the white beads weigh less than the blue beads. But here, it's not just the beads that have different densities. So there's the, there are two different liquids. They're both clear. And our presumption might be if they're both clear, they're both the same liquid. But oh, no, my friends, it's very salty water, which is quite dense compared with alcohol, which isn't nearly as dense. It's not magic. It's, it's, and I want you to yell at the television. It's science. So years ago, everybody, we had this very compelling research. We had these very well-respected, learned academicians advising the Science Guy show. We want the viewer to engage in a call to action. We want the viewer to see a discrepant event and find a way to do it. And we want the viewer to see a discrepant event and find a way to do it. And we want the viewer to see a discrepant event and find a way to do it. And we want the viewer to see a holistic way to achieve an explanation. So we did this. We had a full screen with two words. Try it. Oh, that's brilliant. Oh my God. How did you come up with that? That's fantastic. Just shows you everybody that you can overthink things. It's not magic. It's science. So here are your learning objectives. Trivia creates a framework of knowledge in your mind. Small things can have big impacts. Learn from discrepant events. Explore everything all at once. Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. The information age is both a blessing and a curse. A blurs, if you will. You need a scientific system to handle all that data. How do you assess what is accurate, what's valid, what's true and what's false? Think critically, filter critically, and it will change how you see the world. So today there's so much information available to almost everyone through the internet. But the internet's not available to everyone. We've got to fix that. We've got to make the internet just like any other utility, like water or electricity. But there's another aspect of information today, and that's overload. We have so much information coming at us all the time that it's very easy to get confused, to think something is a reliable source of information when it might not be. In science, we rely on what I like to call bottom-up critical thinking. In science, someone writes a scientific paper, then other people evaluate it. There is no organization as such. In science, that tells people what to write about and what to conclude, that would not work in science. So everybody, I'm of a certain age. If I wanted to know the atomic number of rubidium, I would have to go to a book and look it up. And when I found it in a book, I would trust it. Atomic number of rubidium would be there, what is it, everyone? 37, all right. But now, I can go to a book, I can't trust it. I need to know what that number is. I'm well-prepared. This book is a new book. It's called The Source of Junk. The Source of Junk. It's a book that I wrote about. It's a book about a man's life and a man has a life experience and a man's journey. It's a book about a man's life. It's a book about the life experience of an individual. I can have my phone, I can have a laptop, I can have all sorts of devices and find the atomic number of any element, any isotope of any element in a matter of moments, certainly less than a second. It's very unlikely that someone's going to make up a wrong number of protons for rubidium. Very unlikely. However, what if someone's running for a political office? Could you create a false claim against that person and make the public think that this person is not as trustworthy as he or she presents himself? Yeah, people do that all the time. They make false claims about people. It's a whole industry of this. We want people to have critical thinking skills. If what they see on the internet in this example is misinformation or wrong information or they don't have the ability to sort the good information from the bad, then we're back where we started. Having insufficient critical thinking skills. Is every bit as difficult or deleterious or bad for everybody as not having the information in the first place. Critical thinking is the most important skill we can have today. If you can learn to evaluate evidence, to question things, it will help all of us going into the future. And in science, in critical thinking, it all starts with the information. And that's what we're going to do. We're going to do it. We're going to start with an hypothesis, an idea underneath, an explanation for a phenomenon. So here's a demonstration that I've always enjoyed. I will light this candle and we will observe the color of the flame. So the candle glows yellow and we associate yellow with a warm light and heat. This glass of ice water. It's coal. And we associate cold with the color blue. It's always good to have a hypothesis and then question it. So I hope you questioned your hypothesis that that was a regular wax candle. It turned out to be. It turned out to be. It turned out to be. An apple with a core taken out. It looks like a candle, but it wasn't. It's one more thing where what you observe may not be true and you have to come up with a way to test your hypothesis. Question things. Question your hypotheses. Think critically. It's pretty good though. The wick was a sliver of almond. You know, it's got calories. Almonds have calories. And that's why it burns. Now you probably don't want to take a bite out of every hypothesis that you want to test, but you get the idea. Now on to colors. We associate that warm light with warm temperatures. We associate what we call a cool light with cool temperatures. So let's test a hypothesis. Let's test a hypothesis. Let's test a hypothesis. Let's test a hypothesis about the energy in light. Do some critical thinking. Here's a piece of phosphorescent material. It glows when light hits it. You might think that red light has a lot of energy and can, can burn things. Well anyway, when we shine the red light at the phosphorescent material, now, nothing happens. But we'll do the same thing. We'll do the same demonstration with blue light. The blue light excites the molecules in the board immediately. It glows. So if you thought that red light had more energy than blue light, you were mistaken. So when you see a red or yellow flame, it's actually cooler than a bright blue flame. That's a picture of Saturn. So everybody, here's what was going to happen. I was going to snap and we were going to have a delay on part. Comedic. Delay. And it was going to be brilliant. But here, spending a fortune. They all get food and parking places and everybody's got a mask. It's COVID and all this stuff. But then when I'm like that, no, the thing's not working now. Oh, there. It's all right. It's all right. I can get another job. Anyway, we tested the hypothesis that red light is more energetic or has more energy than blue light. But it doesn't. Blue light is. Blue light is. Blue light is. It's shorter wavelength. So there's more waves and more crests and troughs in any given length than in red light. It's not magic, people. It's science. So I have another idea that I'm very fond of. I call critical filtering, where you filter the claim before you even evaluate it. And there's three aspects of this. The first thing is, is the claim specific? When someone says, aliens have abducted 10% of all humans, that's really not that specific when you have 7.8 billion humans. And the second thing is an old idea called Occam's razor, which is attributed to William of Occam, who pointed out that if you have an explanation for a phenomenon, whatever it is, in general, the simplest explanation. The simplest explanation is the most reasonable. So let's say someone claims that he or she has been abducted by aliens. And they come back to Earth and they say, well, take an X-ray of my nose and you'll see some scar tissue that's there because the aliens put a probe up my nose. Okay, there's a claim. And the evidence is scar tissue in the nose. Well, William of Occam, if he had the opportunity, might have done it. But he might point out that there's a lot of other ways to get scar tissue in your nose without getting abducted by aliens. And that's traditionally called Occam's razor, where you shave away the extraneous, the unprovable parts of a claim. People see things in the sky that they can't explain right away, and they presume it's something from an alien civilization. But there's no real evidence for that, everybody. Whereas things happen in the sky all the time. We have bolides during the day. We have meteors at night. We have meteorites. By the way, everybody, you can go out with a white sheet, leave it on the ground overnight, then run a magnet over the next morning. And those little pieces of magnetic dust, they're from space. Because the Earth gets hit with hundreds of tons of asteroidal material every night, every day, all the time. I digress. There's a whole bunch of things that happen that you can't explain. It's how you go about drawing the conclusion to explain those things, your hypothesis and your critical thinking skill. And then the third thing is, can it be independently verified? Did somebody else see this guy get abducted by aliens? Did somebody else see this nose before and after the scar tissue appeared? And by the way, you're not allowed to have a hypothesis. You're not allowed to have a hypothesis. You're not allowed to have a hypothesis. You're not allowed to have a hypothesis. You're not allowed to have a hypothesis. You're not allowed to have a hypothesis. You're not allowed to have a hypothesis. You're not allowed to have a hypothesis. You're not allowed to have a hypothesis that has no way to be shown to be false. Wait, did you see that? Did you see that? My head. My head just expanded to the edge of the galaxy and collapsed again. Dude. But you didn't see it. Dude. Well, what if we set up a camera? Dude. No, there's no camera fast enough to detect my head expanding to the edge of the universe and collapsing again. You see, there's no way to show that that claim is true. That claim is false. That is not a usable hypothesis in science. That is not usable to think critically. And so these three things, what I call critical filtering, is the claim specific? Is there a simpler explanation, which there often is? And can it be independently verified? Those are the critical filters which will help you think critically. There are a few more things to be aware of in critical thinking and critical filtering, what I call red flags. The first one is, is the information you're receiving coming from an advertiser? Is it part of an advertisement, some organization that has a vested interest in this bit of information being true? Now, don't get me wrong. There are some advertising claims which are completely true. Just be sure that you're not using the wrong information. You're not using the wrong information. You're not using the wrong information. You're not using the wrong information. Just be sure that they are. Just be careful of the source. And speaking of sources, another red flag is when there really isn't a source, when you've just heard things. You may know the word hearsay. You hear it and you say it. Well, just watch out for those. Watch out for hearsay because when there's no specific source, it may be that someone's just making it up. Now, does the information benefit one group? Does it benefit the other group? Does it benefit one group of people more than another group of people? If someone says, oh, we have the rights to the water under that piece of property, do they really? Do they benefit from getting the rights to that water? Another red flag is the claim something that contradicts everything you've heard before. If someone says, the moon is made of cheese. You know that the moon is made of rocks. You might have seen film of that, for example. So if it contradicts everything you've heard before, just take a moment and question it. Then the last red flag, the most dangerous one, is that something you really want to be true. You just really want there to be aliens. You just really want to think that if you don't wash your hands, you'll develop an immunity. That's the one that will get you. That's the big red flag. So friends of mine moved into a new house here in Burbank, California. And when they went up and down the hallway of this new house, the lights would flicker. And they immediately presumed that there was a ghost. There must be a ghost in the house. We've moved into a haunted house. So I looked into it for a few minutes. And I thought perhaps that behind the wall, when you walk down the hallway, the floorboards were being bent or deflected. And the deflecting floorboards were somehow working up the wall and influencing the wiring behind the wall. Where two of the walls were moving. Where two wires being in contact. Maybe they were coming in and out of contact as people walked down the hall, put their weight on the floorboards, influenced the studs behind the wall. And maybe made the wires, which are normally held together with a wire nut, come loose. But if you've ever put a wire nut on wires, it takes quite a bit of twist or torque. And the wires are very hard to pull apart. As my father said, You want to have a kid be able to swing on those wires. Yeah, that's what you want. So I got to thinking about it. And I decided that hypothesis of the floorboards deflecting the studs behind the wall, influencing some sort of junction box where the wiring is and a wire nut was twisted tightly on a pair of wires. I decided that hypothesis was extraordinary. So using Occam's razor in my mind, I eliminated that as a too complex solution to this problem. Oh, by the way, I'd already set aside the idea that it was a ghost. So I looked into it a little more carefully. And it turned out they were moving in and they had cardboard boxes piled up against the wall. And sure enough, behind the boxes was a light switch that I don't think any of them even had noticed was there when they moved in and piled up against the wall. And so I looked up the boxes. And as they walked down the hallway, the boxes were piled up so close to the switch that just the slightest deflection would cause the switch to go on and off. And it wouldn't happen every time. Like you had to get your foot just in the right place in the floorboards to make it happen. But it was quite, as we say in science, reproducible. Once again, Occam's razor. It's not a ghost. It's probably not wires. Sure enough, it's boxes piled against a switch that no one knew was there. And the slight deflection caused the lights to flicker. So everybody, that was a classic scientific method. A phenomenon, an observation, a hypothesis, run a test. Eliminate the hypothesis. Go back and try again. And the lights stay on. So people might ask, how would this story apply to me in my everyday life? Oh, it wouldn't. Have nothing to do with you. I'm kidding. Of course, it has everything to do with you. First of all, despite centuries of trying, no one's been able to prove a paranormal effect. Secondly, be ready to change your hypothesis. Okay, I thought it was wires in the wall. No? No, I guess not. What else could it be? And then I realized, or we all realized, that the boxes were piled against a switch that we didn't even know was there. And so it's a way of thinking. It's a way of going about it. Sure, it takes a little bit of patience. But knowing what is causing the light to flicker is of great value. So you might make a discovery along the way as well. For me, this is a small thing. But it's a model for a way of thinking that I find really compelling because it's a way of thinking. It's a way of thinking. Come on, let's do it. Let's do it! No matter what you think, you're wrong. It's just a way of thinking. What's the point of thinking? It's not a way of thinking. It's science. It's science. Start by filtering claims. Watch out for red flags. Challenge personal beliefs using the scientific method. Find ways to test your hypothesis. Let's see how it works. I want to scratch my nose. And you know why my nose is itching? There's probably a little mite, a skin mite. It's a little bit of a big one. But it's a good thing. It's a good thing. A skin mite burrowing into one of my hair follicles. And there I am, trying to live my life with this other organism, parasitically living off my sebaceous oil. It can be terrifying. Or it can just be one of those things. Scratch your nose, move on. We need to talk about fear. It can motivate us or it can paralyze us. So we need to control it. And the way to do that is with science. We've all felt fear, for crying out loud. And fear comes from the amygdala, this structure at the base of your brain, part of what many scientists call the limbic system. And limb means on the edge. So it's on the bottom edge of your brain. And it affects the whole thing, your whole brain. It affects your ability to think logically, to think clearly, to think scientifically. But with our scientific understanding of the world and our brains, we can deal with our fear. We can overcome it. And if you're like me, and I know I am, you're very concerned about climate change. Climate change is scary. There are more fires. There are more floods. The world's warmer than ever. And that fear can debilitate you, can keep you from getting things done. And fear of climate change certainly can be overwhelming. But when we understand the problem around us, then we can deal with it. Then we can use our brains, amygdala included, to not only react to climate change, but react to it in a positive way so that we all get through the next few decades successfully. And am I right, Frederica? Frederica? Frederica's not that concerned about climate change right now. But as time goes on, her desert environment's going to get drier and hotter. Is she going to be able to find anything to eat? Am I right, Frederica? Yeah. She's into the regular solids. I think we all are. There's an octahedron, dodecahedron, icosahedron. Now, don't get me wrong. When the tarantula was walking across the table, I could feel it. I could feel the fear. And so fear has a great value from an evolutionary standpoint. I mean, if you are not afraid of anything, you're going to get in trouble. The saber-toothed cat's going to take your head off, for example. Fear is of great value. The problem is often that fear debilitates us. The amygdala fires a little too hard, and our brain gets hijacked by fear. You may have heard the expression paralyzed by doubt. You don't want that. Fear is of great value. Fear is of great value. So for centuries, politicians, leaders, have used fear to motivate people. If we don't act now, if we don't enter this war, the other guys are going to overrun our country. If we don't take my leadership, things are going to go very badly. You should be afraid if I'm not in charge. That's a classic political technique. And it's effective because fear is so deep within our brains. It's so deep within us. An example. An example that comes to mind right now. People are very critical of the Green New Deal, that it will take away jobs, that addressing climate change writ large will somehow ruin economies around the world. That just, I don't think that's right. If we can provide clean water, renewable electricity, access to the Internet for everybody in the world, that will be really good. And it will create jobs. The idea that you can use fear to maintain the status quo of pumping carbon dioxide into the atmosphere is misguided. We can't continue to pump carbon dioxide in the atmosphere. That's objectively true, everyone. Using fear to motivate people to not take action is in no one's best interest. And on some disclosure, I've reminded a couple members of the U.S. Congress that in the U.S. Constitution, Article I, which is the role of Congress, Article I, which is the role of Congress, Article I, which is the role of Congress, Article I, Section 8, Clause 8, refers to the progress of science and useful arts. In 1786, they put the word science in the U.S. Constitution. They realized the value to the economy and the health of our citizens that science can provide. It's a remarkable insight. The founding fathers of the U.S., the people who wrote the Constitution, the people who wrote the Constitution, they get mixed reviews. They were not perfect people. But they had this idea. I claim they were nerds. They had this idea that they could use science or the process of science or scientific thinking where you respect facts. If you see something that disagrees with your presumptions or your worldview, then you change your worldview. You adjust. I address you, the members of this new Congress, at a moment unprecedented in the history of the Union. I think often about the speech that Franklin Delano Roosevelt, President Roosevelt, gave about the four freedoms that he talked about for people everywhere in the world. This is as World War II was coming on. He said we want freedom from want. Don't want anybody to be hungry. Freedom of the press. Want the media to be able to express themselves. Freedom of religion. Freedom to worship any way you want it. And the fourth one. Freedom from fear. Freedom from fear. I thought that's just a tremendous insight. When people are afraid all the time, their quality of life is much lower, but also they make bad decisions. We don't use our time productively because we're spending so much time being afraid of things. And the example for me right now is climate change. Fear is paralyzing us. We're afraid to take the big steps we need to take to address climate change. Clean water, renewable electricity, access to the internet for everybody in the world. These are going to take big changes. And the storms and the droughts are terrifying. And I hope, I believe that with the process of science, with our understanding of science, we can take that fear and turn it into excitement. So when I was in school, I rooted for my team. Of course I did. I grew up in Washington, DC. I still root for the Washington Nationals baseball team. I can't help it. I'm not a bad person. Supporting members of your family and members of your immediate tribe is deep within us. That's how we've succeeded is working together in groups. But people have lost sight of the idea that we are all one race. That humans are all the same species. And this is largely derived nowadays from the color of people's skin. So this fantastic study was done, getting to be about 20 years ago, where people went around the world and looked at the color of people's skin, of native peoples, indigenous peoples, and compared it with the amount of ultraviolet light that lands on the Earth's surface where they live. And they are in lockstep. When you live near the equator, your skin has to be darker. When you live farther from the equator, especially, strangely enough, in the islands in Britain, west of Europe, where the Gulf Stream comes by and makes it cloudy all the time, your skin has to be light. Of course, UV light falls on the oceans as well. But it's easier to get the picture if we just look at the continents. Here's the balance you have to achieve. You have to have light enough skin so that you get enough ultraviolet light. You have to have ultraviolet light to produce vitamin D, which is produced in your skin. Your skin has to be dark enough so that when ultraviolet hits your skin, it doesn't break down your folates, your folic acid. So then the children you bear have nerve defects. They can't survive. It's this balance between vitamin D production and folate preservation. And that's why we have different skin colors, everybody. It's not rocket surgery, but it's amazing. And so we are all in this together. We're all the same species. We got different skin color because our ancestors lived at different latitudes. It's cool. Let's celebrate it. We all have to work together as one global tribe to address climate change. So fear can keep you from doing things. It can also help you learn so that you can do things better. This is an example. We've had plenty of screw-ups. There has been one. The example I give all the time, I was in the Boy Scouts. I was a fine Boy Scout, an outstanding Scout master. So they took us on some rivers that had a lot of white water. We were young people. And yes, I ran an aluminum canoe right into a rock. The rock tipped over, everything soaking wet. The rest of the weekend you're soaking wet and your friends are making fun of you. For some reason, didn't drown or get killed. responsible for guys younger. And so we're going down the same river, the Ockaganey River in Pennsylvania in the United States, and we're going for one of these big rocks. And understand the river is having its way with the canoe. It's not like you can just pull over. The river is directing you. And I saw the guy, young guy, Ken, in front of me, in the bow of the canoe. Just, he froze. He was like, we're going to run into this rock. We're going to drown. This is going to be really bad. But I, as the senior guy, also felt that fear. We're going for the rock. Whoa. Wait, we can take corrective action. I don't know if you've ever paddled a canoe, but the person in back is the guy who does the steering. It's like the rudder of a ship. I said to Ken, I said, brace. And so he held his canoe paddle sideways, a thwart, across the gunnels, the sides of the canoe. And then I steered us around the rock. And I said, And I felt the fear, and I redirected it. And you're saying, Bill, come on, man. You're telling me that canoeing in the Boy Scouts is an analog for climate change. Yeah. I felt fear. I used science to redirect the canoe, hydrodynamics, energy, and water to redirect the canoe so that we are all safe and sound today. Well, when it comes to climate change, we have to take that fear and redirect it in a productive way. And we have to take action, and we can't be stuck because we're afraid. Let's get to work, people. Let's take that fear and turn it into excitement. Let's go. Fear prevents you from thinking critically. Some leaders use fear to influence you. Don't let fear paralyze you. Use science to channel your fear into excitement. When it comes to climate change, it's all about machinists. Machinists are the key. We should consult with everybody. Sooner or later, we all hit the limits of our own knowledge. But just remember, you're not on your own. Seek out experts. Find out more about climate change at climate.gov. Seek out experts. Draw on history. Draw on your community. Keep up with the latest science, and your knowledge will increase. Everyone you'll ever meet knows something you don't. These are words I do my best to live by. And this has to do with respecting each other, of course. One example of this is the climate change crisis. The climate crisis has been a major threat to the climate change. The climate change crisis has been a major threat to the climate change crisis. The climate change crisis has been a major threat to the climate change crisis. The climate change crisis has been a major threat to the climate change crisis. One example from my past is this device that another engineer and I designed. I think about working on this instrument to navigate or steer a drill in a mine. The instruments had to be held in a very straight line, almost perfectly aligned. And in order to do that, there were constraints. There were problems. This is called a centralizer. It's a very stiff spring. And these wheels roll against the inside of the pipe. They're really difficult. There are lots of other ways to do this, but they're really, really hard to do. And the most important thing is to keep a good balance. That's why we're talking about the climate change crisis. The climate change crisis has been a great source of stress for our community. of the pipe, the drill string. So it had to seal under very high pressure. Mines are often filled with water. It had to have a passageway for electrical wires. It had to have lubricant made of molybdenum disulfide. And the big thing was it had to be aligned as perfectly as possible. And that required that these pins be fitted just so. And it was complex because it was a trade-off. Changing the O-ring groove affected where the pins went. Changing lubricant affected the clearance on where these linkages fit together. All these things started to work against each other. And I was having trouble figuring it out. I was consulting design manuals. I was looking up the characteristics of precipitation-hardened stainless steel. And I was chasing my tail. So what I did. I went to the machine. I went to the machine shop. And I talked to the machinists. And I guarantee you they knew a lot more about machining metal than I ever will. And working together, we came up with a very elegant design that precisely fits together and maintains the instrument's alignment. So this, to me, became a metaphor for just about everything in life, especially climate change. So every one of us. Every one of us involved. Every one of us as citizens of this planet are going to know things that the other people don't know. We're going to have to work together with electrical engineers, with politicians, with voters and taxpayers to get systems in place to provide clean water, renewable electricity, and access to the Internet for everyone. Because when you acknowledge that everyone you meet knows something you don't, it means you're going to respect them. And when we have respect for each other, then we can communicate. You know, we all have a tendency to think about things. We think we know the answer when we really don't. But this leads to problems. But if we respect each other, if we acknowledge that other people have knowledge that we don't, then we can address these big issues. Sure, this is one problem with machine parts and an engineer and machinist. But it became a way of thinking for me. I do my best to acknowledge that everyone, the students, me as the instructor, we all know things that other people don't know. So let's work together. Let's address climate change. Let's respect each other. And the world will be better for all of us. The world will be better for all of us. Words help you understand the world around you. The more you look and observe and learn about things, the more new words you'll be exposed to. Because each discipline, whether it's being an electrician, being a philosopher, being a doctor, being a steel worker, each of these professions has words associated with it, a jargon, an argo. And so by learning those, you learn more about the human experience. I love words. We had an old saying, party doesn't start until Bill gets out the dictionary. Dictionary. Sorry. I know for many of the younger viewers, this would be completely lost on you. But the dictionary was plant-based information storage. And you could open it, and there'd be a whole bunch of words. And you could look at the words and learn more about words. It's the same thing you do online now. It's the same thing you do with your phone. But in some cases, it was big and heavy. And for me, the bigger and heavier, the cooler. Because it had even more words. And I am fascinated, I admit, with the origin of the word. The origin of words. Where words came from. Etymology. The more you know about where a word came from, the more you know about what that word might mean. So speaking of the origin of words and where words come from, what's everybody's favorite adjective these days? Yes, right. Existential. We're in an existential crisis. That's an existential this, an existential that. It comes from the word existence or exist. To be. To just be. And so when people say it's an existential crisis, it is to be hoped that they're talking about the utter disappearance of something. So everybody, you look at history. At one point, it's estimated right now, there were about 10,000 individual humans. Homo sapiens. Our modern species. 10,000 is not very many, everybody. If we keep going, down this road, ignoring climate change, not addressing the world's changing climate, we're not going to be able to feed everybody. And we'll have starvation. And when the environments become more extreme, the diseases that emerge are going to be more extreme. Humankind is probably not facing an existential threat as a species, but billions of us are facing an existential threat. Billions of us may die much sooner than we would have otherwise. And we're going to have to deal with this as a result of uncontrolled or neglected climate change. Back in the day, I talked to scientists, some who promoted genetically modifying crops, and others who were against it because it didn't need to be done. And the reason they were against it was twofold. First, because it doesn't need to be done, maybe big corporations will be the only organizations that have access to this kind of technology, which will have bad effects on small farms and so on. But the other thing is that you don't want to change things without knowing the full knock-on effects. That is to say, if you change a crop, a species of crop a little bit, you don't know what that's going to do to the insects that pollinate the crop. And I thought that was a pretty strong argument, and I embraced it. So I was for a long time opposed to genetically modifying crops. Well, since then, a couple things have happened. Big thing is they spent more time with it. When they modify crops, they know the genes with extraordinary precision nowadays. Gene sequencing machines are amazing. And they can do all sorts of predictive things about what that gene's going to do. And the other thing is the modifications they make are not enormous. They're tiny, so they can be evaluated over a few years in real fields. And that's what's done by regulation, by the way. And then the other thing, long about three years ago, it was discovered that genes transfer between species naturally. The genes of one fungus getting in the genes of a tree through this natural gene transfer. And that sort of changed my whole opinion of the whole thing. And when you look at what people like Thomas Jefferson and George Washington were doing with their crops, carefully crossbreeding the wheat, they were doing genetic modification in the traditional way. It was scientific, but not as precise a method as we can use today. You look at species of old or ancient ears of corn, they look like dollhouse ears of corn compared to a modern ear of corn. Not saying it's all about corn, but it's a good example from my own experience. So changing my mind, I think, is a great thing from a scientific standpoint. That I had one view of this technology and I changed it completely to a different view because I got more information. I learned more about it. And that's the process of science, everybody. Science is self-correcting. This is not somebody with a political worldview or a religious point of view. This is this wonderful process where we make an observation, have a hypothesis, test the hypothesis, compare what happened to what we thought would happen, and then we start over. That's science. I had presumptions about genetically modified crops, and I changed it completely when I learned more about them. Everyone you'll ever meet knows something you don't. Learn new words as you find them. When presented with new evidence, it's okay to change your mind. But when presented with new evidence, it's okay to change your mind. Climate change isn't a hoax. It's real. And it's serious. I've seen the scientific evidence firsthand. And it's undeniable. Let's evaluate these discoveries, see what they tell us. Once you've dug up the truth, you'll have the motivation to take action. We'll be right back. Critical thinking. It's a way to evaluate evidence. And critical thinking is generally based on a claim. So, let's talk about climate change. There are people who claim that the Earth's climate is not being affected by humans. There are people who claim that it is. Let's evaluate the evidence. Let's analyze the evidence. First of all, people have dumped a great deal of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas in the atmosphere since around 1750, when steam engines were really perfected by James Watt, after whom we named the unit of power the watt. And the world has gotten warmer and we prove this by looking at ice. Ice. I've been to Greenland. The East Greenland Ice Core Research Project, where the University of Copenhagen and the National Science Foundation from the U.S. have worked together to drill deep into the ice. You pull up cylinders of solid ice. And this ice was created by layer after layer after layer after layer of snow that fell on the island of Greenland over millennia. It has little bubbles of air. Well, the bubbles of air were put there when snow fell in ancient times, over a thousand years ago, in some cases 10,000 years ago. As the snowflakes pack down by their weight, they trap bubbles between the tines of the snowflakes. We pull these ice cores up, we melt them carefully, and measure the amount of various gases that were trapped in the ice. Now look, there's no way for those gases to get trapped in the ice now. Those gases were trapped in the ice thousands of years ago. There's nobody running around two miles down on the ice sheet of Greenland with a hypodermic needle squirting bubbles into the ice. And cores have been taken not only in Greenland, but in Antarctica and Siberia as well. They show the amount of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere has spiked the ice. And the ice has been trapped in the ice for thousands of years. And this increase begins with the Industrial Revolution in the 18th century. Measurements of the cores' water isotopes tell us the Earth has gotten warmer at exactly the same time. This is no coincidence, people. So compare the overwhelming evidence from the ice cores with the anecdotal evidence having to do with certain events in the ice. And that's why we're here. To bring you in one of our favorite than-is journalistic opportunities, Moss CHANNELLY, com with Oliver Miller. Oliver Miller είναι Professor der Okayiff Aleven, ports for students who study ice, and we'll get to from here shortly. Oliver Miller Integration Museum is available right now while everyone is mustering away for part of this lecture. One cherry-picked example, let us use Occam's razor. That is to say, let's look for the simplest explanation. One explanation is thousands of modern scientists are wrong. Another explanation is the one guy in the 1970s was wrong or wrong at that time. He's since changed his mind, by the way. Compare those two scenarios. For me, the overwhelming evidence with Occam's razor is that thousands of scientists concerned about climate change now are correct. Then the third thing, can it be independently verified? Yes. That's why we look at ice cores from Antarctica, ice cores from Greenland. We compare that with the population of pollen grains on the bottom of ponds. We look at the width of tree rings to see when the world was warm and when it was cool. When it's warm, our trees grow faster. The rings are farther apart. To say that climate science has been peer reviewed is an understatement. In fact, people have made very compelling comparisons to sort of any other thing, like any other scientific thing, like the mass of an electron. You could say that there's more scientific consensus on climate change than there is on certain subatomic particle characteristics, things that have been studied for about a century. There's more disagreement about that than there is about climate science. We have to look at the data. We have to look at the data. We have to look at the data. We have to look at the data. We have to look at the data. This is what scientists do. The evidence is overwhelming for the Earth's temperature rising over the last two and a half centuries. Anybody who claims that it's not happening has to present evidence that contradicts all that. So far, no one's been able to do that to my satisfaction and to the satisfaction of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change from the United Nations. The evidence for climate change is overwhelming. Hello Secretary Johnson. As Serious Chair of the Socialengish purchases Bureau for Spread and roommate Integrity, I'm Faram Keeping. And I want my speaker and JU Barnett to show us some reasoning to what we're hearing. He's our roll call to what we'd like to hear. Well, directly, I'm Mario Stern. You know, I don't want to dig into all the white LED signs. I'd rather you wouldド freshen up your faces at the end of what's already happening in the bought abroad in the Pentagon. Yeah, well, I agree with you. evidence. And by the way, everybody, the world's getting warmer extraordinarily fast. And the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change is a political organization that has to phrase things in a way that pleases many governments. And there are a lot of governments, or there are enough governments that depend on fossil fuels that have been very influential in making the language appeal to everybody or be palatable to everybody. And the language is frankly soft. The situation is really serious. Let us think critically and address climate change. This idea, everybody, for you critical thinkers out there, this idea that there's a conspiracy of scientists working together to get funding from governments to evaluate or claim that the climate is changing. And that the climate is changing when it isn't changing. Please stop and think about that. Have you ever been around scientists? All they want to do is prove the other scientist is wrong. That's their whole thing. There's not a conspiracy of those men and women. If anything, they butt heads all day. Nevertheless, 98% of the world's scientists agree that humans are changing the world's climate. Now, another critical thinking problem that I want to address. That I want you to evaluate with regard to climate change. Is people like to assail the credentials of the scientists who are making these claims. That he or she is getting paid by somebody, by a university. They're getting a grant from the National Science Foundation or something. But compare that to the motivations of the oil industry, the fossil fuel industries over the last 30 years. Understand that they found memos from Exxon, before it was Exxon Mobil, of people pointing out that the world's getting warmer because there's more carbon dioxide in the air. And I remind everybody, the big problem with climate change is not that the world was not once warmer. It was much warmer during the time of the ancient dinosaurs. And there was a lot more carbon dioxide in the air 66 million years ago. But... The problem is the speed, the rate at which we are adding carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases to the air. That's the problem. We built all this infrastructure, all these cities, bridges, sewer systems, right on shorelines. Half the people in the world, half of the 8 billion people live on seashores. And so as the ocean gets bigger and sea levels rise, where are these people going to go? What are they going to do? And then the ecosystems that we've created. And then the ecosystems that we've created. And then the ecosystems that we've created, where we grow our farm food, are being affected by droughts, wildfires, and floods. So these things are converging fast. That's the problem, is the speed. I know it sucks. Sucks for everybody. So should we run in circles screaming? No, we should get to work, people. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Right. We've got to go. Don't just come and go. We've got to go. Let's go. Let's go. We've got to go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. So we throw around the word carbon, and carbon is the key element. But we're really talking about greenhouse gases. Carbon dioxide, and methane, especially. So carbon dioxide is carbon with two oxygens. The molecule is shaped like a barbell. It's the same gas that we exhale. It's the same gas I'm using to form these words. Then the other one is methane or natural gas. That's the same thing. And that's carbon in a tetrahedron, a triangle-based pyramid. And both of these gases have this remarkable property where light at visible wavelengths, the wavelengths that we can see around 550 billionths of a meter, 550 nanometers, that light goes right past these molecules, right past carbon dioxide, right past methane. But after this energy, the light energy from the sun strikes the Earth's surface, it's absorbed and then given off again at a more stretched out or longer wavelength. Everybody's probably heard the word infra-red, which means below in Latin, means below red. Light at that wavelength runs into the carbon dioxide, runs into the methane, and gets redirected back to Earth. So these gases hold in the heat. And so Earth would not be livable at all for us without some greenhouse effect. A little bit of carbon dioxide goes a long way in keeping a planet like ours warm. But now we're adding so much carbon dioxide so fast that the greenhouse effect is getting stronger and stronger, which is making the world warmer and warmer. What would help is making surfaces whiter or more reflective. Not because it would keep more heat from getting trapped so much as it would make less of the light coming in change to the longer frequency infra-red. If you're out there, if you're a material scientist, if you're a kid in engineering school, if you're a chemical engineer, if you could invent a pavement that is white or much more reflective than black asphalt. That's what we're doing. That's what we're doing. That's what we're doing. You could change the world and you could get rich if you could invent a pale pavement. So let's get that done. Ice core analysis proves humans are adding an enormous amount of greenhouse gases to the atmosphere. Greenhouse gases prevent a large fraction of infra-red heat from escaping Earth. These are like the drag breathing in sagte roadies like emeralds. These are ice on the ground and you can apply the cooling resistance the standard heat of the air will be raised from these new forms. These several 두 This one one is going to like me This one is better than this has Megan, just really slap it loud. Let them hear you outside. All right. Three cameras. I'm in the marker. Whenever you're going to undertake a job or a project, you have to have initiative. You've got to get started. But as my father often pointed out, you've also got to finish. You have to have initiative and fin-itiative. So how do we turn scientific thinking into action? How can we create things more efficiently with science? Well, to help you build better, smarter, and with a greater chance of success, I've got a handy little approach. When it comes to making something or solving a problem, I like to think of what I call the upside-down pyramid of design. Down here at the bottom is the design, the idea, the concept, the thing you want to do. And above that is what I call procurement, or getting the materials together you need to solve the problem or make the thing. And above that is the fabrication, the actual making of the actual thing or solving the actual problem. Then above that is what I like to call marketing. It takes a tremendous number of people to get the idea out to the consumers or the object out to where people are going to purchase it or make use of it. For me, the upside-down pyramid of design applies to manufacturing anything. It also applies to addressing big ideas like climate change. If the design is good at the bottom of the pyramid, then there's a good chance, as things go up, as you procure materials, as you put the thing together, as you convince people to use it or buy it, there's a good chance it'll be successful. But if the design isn't very good, then no matter how hard everybody else works, all the people in procurement, all the people in manufacturing, all the people in marketing, no matter how hard all those people work, no matter how good they are, all you're going to get is a well-rendered version of a bad design. So the upside-down pyramid of design, for me, is how nerds turn nerd ideas into nerd action. I dare you. I dare you. When I look at the upside-down pyramid of design, for me, every part is important. But what's especially important is the very base, the vertex. The tip. Because that's where the design starts. That's where the constraints emerge. That's where the problem you're going to solve gets addressed. Now notice, as you go up the upside-down pyramid of design, the number of people that get involved generally increases. And what really increases is the amount of money that gets spent, the investment, the risks that people are taking get larger and larger. So if the design is good, there's a good chance that the product or the idea will be successful. If the design is not good, then no matter how hard everybody else works going up the pyramid, the thing is just not going to succeed. Look, nobody wants to make a bad movie, but people do. Almost always because they haven't thought enough about the script, the movie's design. And this is a very frustrating idea for many people. Because you just want to get started. Let's go. Here, here's the design. Here, on the back of this envelope. Let's go, let's make it, let's go. And then people make these tremendous investments. And it doesn't always work out. On the other hand, if the design is good, then the chances of solving the problem are also very good. Design that comes to mind for me right now, which has to do with climate change, is the big U in Manhattan, the island of Manhattan. So for those of you familiar with New York, Manhattan is the part with all the skyscrapers and all that stuff. And it's an island in the Hudson River. And what happened during Hurricane Sandy, these parts of Manhattan got flooded. I was there when subway stations were closed because the tracks were underwater. And you can't just say we're going to build a big sea wall around the island of Manhattan. First of all, it would be fantastically expensive. Secondly, people wouldn't want it there. They wouldn't want the way it looks. And the third thing is, it probably wouldn't work. The water would come over the wall and you'd be right back where you started. You'd have to get the water pumped back over the wall somehow. So there are constraints. So what do we do about it? Well, architects, landscape architects, geologists, city planners, regulators, legislatures, everybody got together to solve this problem. Out of the many proposals, the city chose a clever design by the architectural firm Bjarke Ingels Group. So what we're going to do is change the shape of the city a little bit so that when the hurricane comes, the city can deal with it. We'll seal off some city streets with floodgates, and we're not allowing buildings to be built too close to shore. Instead, we're turning those areas into parks. So when the storm comes, the parks will get wet, but the parks will drain and dry out. And wetlands have three remarkable properties. First of all, they filter the water that flows through them. When it rains, they're home to wildlife. And the third thing they do that's vital in this situation is they soak up floods. They're giant sponges. So the Big U protects against storm surges from the coast. But what about flooding due to rainfall? Recent storms like Hurricane Ida have shown we need to expand upon the design with green roofs, better storm sewers, and floodable park walkways within the city. All of this can be figured out as long as the idea that we're going to deal with the next hurricane and we're going to deal with it in a way that's sustainable for everybody who lives there and we're going to work with the island of Manhattan in the shape that it is right now. It's fantastic. It's inspirational to me. It's an application of the upside-down pyramid of design to climate change. So when I think about the second step in the upside-down pyramid of design, procurement, getting the materials together, these days I think a lot about packaging. You know, for a long time, when you wanted to ship something, you'd put it in a package that could absorb shocks and so on. You'd make that package out of styrofoam. This material is made of little nodules that are fused together to mold the packaging into just the right shape to ship something. And this material looked like it would be recyclable. You could melt it down, reuse it, put it back together. But practically, it's turned out to be quite different. It's difficult to recycle styrofoam. It breaks into little particles. It floats to the top. It blows away. It's hard to get hold of. So people are making packaging material out of paper. This is a honeycomb, and it's fantastically strong. And we know how to recycle paper. We've been doing it for centuries. Nowadays, thinking in new ways, people are making packing material out of this stuff. It's made from a fungus, from mushrooms. It's mycelium. You can grow it so it shapes around the thing you want to ship. It's fantastic. It's a new way of addressing the procurement problem. So you want your packing materials to be sustainably produced so they can be recycled. You don't want to throw all that stuff away. And it's a classic example of using the constraints. We've got a ship. We're going to ship something. We have to package it so it can make the trip. But let's do it with materials that we can reuse or recycle. We've taken the next step on the upside-down pyramid of design. Come on. Just go for it. They train you in slate school not to make sounds, right? So as we go up the upside-down pyramid, we're going to start the fabrication stage. I think of objects like this. This is a ratchet or socket wrench. And most of my life, an object like this would be made by removing material. You'd have a block of steel and you'd hollow it out. You have a spring inside. And that would be made by cutting some material. But nowadays, we can make objects like this by adding material, so-called additive manufacture or 3D printing. And an object like this now can be made on the International Space Station. So once the material is up there, all you have to do is send software up to the space station, and they can make any tool they need. But think about it. On Earth, if we can eliminate the transportation required to send objects like this from one place to another, we can save a tremendous amount of energy and cut back a tremendous amount of greenhouse gas emissions. The future is bright when it comes to additive manufacturing. Ha! It's the next step on the upside-down pyramid of design. Ah, yes! Yes! Thank you. Nicely done. Wasn't that, come on, doesn't that give you a little, let's go? So at the top of this upside-down pyramid is what I call marketing. You could call it lobbying or selling. The whole thing is if the idea is good, the design is good, at the base of the pyramid, and the procurement is good, and the fabrication is good, then the marketing people and the marketing money can be well used to sell the product or lobby for the idea. This is especially true of climate change. The messaging is really important, and the messengers then can be successful if the message is good. If you tell people that they need to do less, just do less, use less clean water, wear dirty clothes, eat less, be miserable, then no matter who all is going to try to sell that idea, people aren't going to go for it. But if you present climate change as an opportunity, we're going to have new jobs, new sources of electricity, the environment's going to be cleaner, then the lobbyists, the messengers, the marketers can be successful, and we can all work together to address climate change by means of the upside-down pyramid of design. So for me, as an engineer, you want the product to look nice, to be elegant. If you have a message about climate change, you want it to sound good. And of course, I say all the time, good engineering invites right use. It's easy to remember because it has invite and write in the same sentence. And so along that line, when it comes to climate change, we want the messages and the services, the solutions, the things we produce, to be elegant and good looking. You know, people make fun of engineers' clothes, and they should, but keep in mind that so much of your built environment, so much of every object you use or interact with, was designed by an engineer who had a nice sense of style. Megan's going to come in. Sladen! She's going to come in and slap the slate. Three cameras, common marker. Wow! God! Ow! Geez. I kid because I love. All right. Now the upside-down pyramid of design may seem like a simplification, but I like to think of it as many pyramids stacked on top of each other. And at each joint or vertex, there'll be decisions. There'll be another pyramid within a pyramid, all of them will have these four phases. The idea, the procurement, the fabrication, and then the selling to the next level, the marketing to the next level. And for me, at each place along the way, you're only doing one thing. This is what I like to call monotasking. The idea that you can do all of these things at the same time is only possible because you started doing one thing at a time. And that's what I like to call monotasking. You start doing one thing at a time. Up the pyramid, within the pyramid, within the pyramid. It's just a fun way of looking at things. When making something or creating an idea, I recommend the upside-down pyramid of design. Go from design to procurement to fabrication to marketing. You want it to all fit together. You want it to be elegant. You want it to look good and sound good and work well. Reminds me of knots. You want to tie it all together in a way that is effective and elegant. Like a square bow. Just an example. The four stages of the upside-down pyramid of design are the design, procurement, fabrication, and marketing. Spend enough time with the design. The re-design. Step the products. Add your process. Complete your engineering. Take part in the transformation process. Sign up for a free e-mail address while mattress, or摘て If you've never gone consolidating the Mur stesso device, you're going to face challenges. But don't take these limitations the wrong way. Let's let them inspire us. Embracing constraints can spark your creativity and lead you to innovative solutions. The joy of constraints. Constraints or rules or regulations aren't bad things. They're just things you have to meet or abide by in your design or with your idea. And so furthermore, when the government has regulations about automobile safety or drug safety with the Environmental Protection Agency constraining how many miles per gallon you can get, those aren't bad things. Those are things that you have to deal with as a designer or a procurer, a fabricator or a marketer. The analogy to a machine is perfect. You want a machine to have all the parts it needs, but no more parts. You want all the regulations you need, but no more. But you've got to have some regulations, everybody. People want to solve problems. That's what we want to do. And you'll hear the expression all the time. Let's just think outside of the box. If you think outside of the box, you'll be creative, you'll solve the problem. Well, I believe that expression is based on an old puzzle that's been around since I was a kid. It looks like this. There are nine dots arranged in a box. All right. Now the rule, the game, is you have to connect all nine dots with just four lines. And let's just say you can't lift your pen, pencil, or stylus off of the page. All right. So let's try it. We get started. We'll go across the top. There's three of the dots. Down the side, three of the dots. Along the bottom, three of the dots. Well, you can't get that last dot on the side and the dot in the middle with just one more line. You can't do it. Oh, heavens. We are puzzled. We are stuck. But if you try the puzzle again, going outside of the box, you can go like this. Let's go up from the bottom diagonally to the top, down here along the side. Now go outside of the box. Then come back up across, picking up those two dots, and then with just one more line, you can get the last dot. Isn't that fabulous? The thinking outside the box comes from the rule, the game, where you're only allowed to have four lines of any length, but you're only allowed to have four lines. And you can imagine a situation, I can imagine a situation easily in computer coding where you're only allowed four lines or so many characters or so many milliseconds or microseconds of computing time. I get it. So you've got to embrace those constraints and work with them. Constraints are good. They're the rules by which you must play. Think about this. Think about connecting a bridge from one side of the river to the other. You can't put the bridge just anywhere. It's got to be where the banks will support the ends of the bridge, for example. So constraints are not bad. They just are. And as an engineer, I embrace the constraints. I celebrate them. The joy of constraints. When I think about the joy of constraints, I can't help but think about my old job at Boeing working on 747s. An airliner like this is loaded with safety equipment. You're probably familiar with oxygen masks, oxygen equipment, life vests, life rafts. And the redundancy in the hydraulic systems and flight controls is remarkable. All of these things add weight to the airplane, which adds cost. It adds to every plane ticket, but none of us would want to fly without them. And when I compare this to what happened in the Texas power grid after this recent cold snap, the whole grid in Texas went down because of years of not having regulations, not having constraints, and trying to isolate the Texas power grid from the electrical power grids that were around them. So when there was a cold snap, the grid went down and people suffered. They got cold. A few people died. All because we didn't have electricity. This was an avoidable problem. It's a situation where, like a machine, you want all the parts you need, but no more. We want all the regulations we need, but no regulations just for regulation's sake. But we do need some regulations. Electricity is essential to our modern way of life. We've got to have it for everyone. And in order to provide it for everyone, we're going to have a few constraints. There are going to be regulations requiring power providers to provide electricity even with fluctuations in weather. And those are common because of climate change. So let's work together and celebrate the joys of constraint. Fuel efficiency standards, smog checks, crash test ratings, and the When I think about the joy of constraints, I like to think about car design. Now we're constrained. We're going to be driving cars on roads for some time to come. Now cars can be quite dangerous. And for a long time, cars were made out of stiff metal shapes that would hold their shape in a car crash. But that turns out to be dangerous. So instead, nowadays, engineers have designed cars that crumple. That instead of trying to hold their shape during a crash, they smush, they compress, and that protects the passenger and the drivers inside. Designers also added collapsible steering columns, interior padded surfaces, lap and shoulder belts, and airbags, all of which dramatically reduced injuries. And none of this would have happened without regulations. And by the way, when you make cars out of crushable shapes, they're generally lighter weight. So they usually have a lot of weight. And that's why they're called crumpled cars. They're light, so they use less fuel, which produces less greenhouse gas emissions. So here's our crash test egg driver. We'll put him in the old-style stiff metal car. Then in the crushable crash test car, we have another driver safely inside. You ready? Three, two, one. Oh, wow. They both suffered some traumas there. Let's have a look. This is not good, people. The driver of the metal old-style car suffered severe trauma. But here, in the modern compressible crush zone car, we have a new driver. Well, crash test egg driver is fine, aren't you? Sure. So once again, constraints enabled us to make better designs that make people safer and reduce greenhouse gas emissions, which addresses climate change at the same time. It's the joy of constraints. Ah. . Don't automatically think of constraints as bad things. Constraints can inspire creativity, spur innovation, and save lives. . So I tip up the cup when the tea doesn't come out because air can't get in behind it. Even with this plastic lid on a largely plastic cup, it seals well enough that you can't take a sip. So using a tool, I will enlarge the air opening, the vent in the back of the teacup, and this will enable me to take a sip. It's not magic, people. It's what? It's science! . . . . . . To tackle climate change, we need to break it down into separate parts. First, we identify the challenges. Then, using all the scientific tools at our disposal, we will find solutions. . . When you look at Earth from space, you don't even see the atmosphere. It's so thin. And yet that atmosphere and the chemistry of that atmosphere is what sustains us. So if we accidentally change the chemistry of the atmosphere, we could make this place unlivable for a large fraction of the human population. And we don't want that. Of the greenhouse gases we produce, carbon dioxide and methane are our main worries. So where do our greenhouse gases come from? Well, take a look at this. Most of our greenhouse gases are produced by transportation. Next is electrical generation. Then industry writ large. Some commercial and residential things produce greenhouse gases. And finally, agriculture. All of these are big contributors to climate change. And we'll talk about each one, coming right up. Most of our transportation is done with fossil fuels. That is to say, we have cars and trucks, we have airplanes, and we especially have very large ships at sea that use this really, how to describe, dirty fossil fuel, this bunker oil. And all these things are producing carbon dioxide and other particulate small particles at an extraordinary rate, 51 billion tons a year. So we want to do this. So we want to electrify all transportation. And I say electrify, use electric motors instead of fossil fuel, gas powered diesel motors, because they're more efficient and they're cleaner. There's no exhaust with an electric motor. Now, we have the technology to convert cars, buses, and trains to electricity. I drive an electric car. The car doesn't know if the electrical energy is coming from a nuclear power plant or a solar panel or a wind turbine or a coal-fired electrical plant. The car can't tell, doesn't need to know. It's a car. And if you've ever driven an electric car, you'll never go back. When will you go back to a fossil fuel? You won't. You won't go back. This gets back to this mythic thing, the second law of thermodynamics. When you use heat to make something spin, you're not going to make a lot of mechanical work. You are constrained by what Star Trek engineers would call the laws of physics. But electrical motors are much more efficient. So as we change to electric vehicles, we can make our transportation systems more efficient. We can have less greenhouse gas emissions. And we can make the world cleaner and quieter. Now, I think in the future, people will not own cars. The millennials, they never learn to drive. The more people who ride so-called mass transit, the better for all of us. Because individuals and individual cars takes a lot of energy. And we need these big, wide roads to move just a few people around. We can do more with less. Move more people around with less energy. Because public transportation is getting better. And there are ways to get around that were not available when I was a kid. And by the way, I'm a huge fan of the technology. So I'm thinking, where am I? Here. Here. Here. I'm a huge advocate of bicycles. Bicycles are the most efficient machine we know of. A human on a bicycle. A bowl of oatmeal, 30 miles. It's amazing. So I rode my bike to the first couple Earth Days. They were downtown. Washington, D.C. was a small town back then. I rode my bike and locked it to a flagpole at the Washington Monument. In those days, the concern at Earth Day was pollution. The idea was to do less. Like, if you drove less, drove a car less. If you wore dirty clothes, then you could use less clean water to wash your clothes. Doing all these things less, and then we'd have more for everybody. And that's a fine idea, but that's not what people want. People everywhere want to live the way we live in the developed world. And so for that, we're going to have to find ways to do more with less. This is where efficiency comes in. And converting everything to electrical power instead of fossil fuel power. We can do this. The other thing that would be great, and I'm not joking, everybody, is electric airplanes. I'm not kidding you. And the future might very well be not batteries being carried around by airplanes, but hydrogen. And hydrogen is a very lightweight, very, or pretty energy-intensive fuel. And when you use it in a fuel cell to make electricity, the exhaust is water vapor, and you'd run these very efficient electric motors and fly planes around. It's a fantastic idea. I think about my grandfather, who, by all accounts, rode a horse in World War I. He could ride a horse. He learned to ride a horse, rode around. Now, nobody rides a horse in battle. Everything changed in just two decades. Transportation changed completely. So we can do this. Be optimistic about this. So a big key to our future is electricity. I think we could invest strongly, or a lot, in new ways to produce, distribute, and store electricity. So the reason you want energy to be renewably produced is the same reason you want food to be renewably produced. You don't want to have a farm field where you grow one crop and never use it again. The wind's always going to blow. The sun's going to come up every day and go down every day. And so that's a way of looking at energy production, that we're going to renew it every day or every season or every year. And so if you don't do that, you're going to run out of resources sooner or later. By the way, people talk about running out of gas, running out of electricity. They're talking about running out of gasoline. That may be true of the really pure, really good so-called Algerian crude oil. But the thing we're never going to run out of is coal. There is so much coal buried everywhere, all around the world. It's just coal, coal, coal, and more coal. So coal is an old swamp that is dried out and turned to stone, nearly stone. It's never handled a piece of coal. It's like a rock, but it has a softness. Anyway, it's made of old plants, and the key element in there is carbon. And when you get it hot, when it starts burning, carbon combines with oxygen in the air and produces this mythic thing you've heard about, carbon dioxide. People can see the problem. People can see that you can't burn coal indefinitely. My experience has been, coal miners like the money, but they're not crazy about the work. Working underground in the dark, day and night, is really stressful. And my experience is they would not mind repurposing their workday into something that would involve renewable energy. And this gets into this business of wind turbines. Everybody, even if the wind turbine is manufactured overseas, it's got to be set up, or erected here where you live. And that's going to take skilled construction workers. People will repurpose their job skills to build these wind turbines and the systems to connect them to the electrical grid. So if I were king of the forest, we would be investing like crazy in the electrical grid. So the thing that's changing, if you have a house like mine with a few solar panels, I'm producing electricity during the day and putting that electricity back on the power grid. But what we need now is to have that system compatible with the old system. And by that I mean for a century or so, we've been producing electricity in a concentrated power plant and distributing it like tentacles of an octopus or something. But the trouble is that the system only flows in one direction. We need a two-way system. Now electricity can be produced on top of homes, on top of warehouses and big box department stores. And then we need a way to get that electricity onto the grid and distribute it. It reminds me very much of the problem of handing a mobile phone call from one cell to the next as you drive or walk down the street, as millions of cars drive or millions of people walk down the street. We need our electrical grid to have that kind of capability. And that's going to take innovation from innovators. If you can invent a better battery, you'll change the world and you'll get rich. Energy storage is a huge problem right now. We can build these enormous fields or farms of solar panels, but we need to be able to store that energy in some fashion overnight. People who go into these industries, making things more efficient, building new wind turbines, solar panels, or small farms or large expanses of them, there's so much work to do. There'll be work for at least 3 million people from now for decades to come. We're just scratching the electrical generation surface, I think. One day it will be possible to have fusion energy here on the Earth's surface, just like we have in the center of the sun or a star. That would be extraordinary. And the way to find out if this is possible is to invest in it. You think about the billions of dollars, the trillions of dollars we spend on all sorts of other things. If we could direct a few billion into the various fusion technologies, I bet sooner or later someone would figure this out. This is not where you save your money, as the sales guy says. So I want us to invest in this stuff as fast as possible. The world's getting warmer. There are droughts, there are floods, there are fires. Let's get to work. So businesses produce, industry produces a lot of greenhouse gas emissions. They're in business. They do things. They make clothes. They make cell phones and laptops and so on. All those goods and services are going to be carbon intensive. They're going to produce carbon dioxide, leaking methane and all these other problems. So what we want to do is have industries be motivated to be more efficient, to not let their greenhouse gas emissions get into the atmosphere, to use some other system, some other way to get them. And we want to provide industries with clean electricity. And for that, we're going to need innovation and new big ideas. The first step in solving a problem is to recognize you have a problem. The fossil fuel industry has been promoting the idea that what they do is not a serious problem. They've even hired some of the same people the cigarette industry hired to try to convince consumers that cigarettes didn't cause cancer, which is an extraordinary idea. But they are the very same people. They've been successful in introducing this doubt. But along that line, certain plastics industries have promoted the idea that their products are recyclable. If you could gather all the products, all the plastic together, and melt it down, you could make it into new, nearly virgin plastic. But the trouble is there's so much plastic. It's thrown around everywhere in so many different styles, so many different colors, and so many different styles of molecule. They're long molecules, short molecules, stiff plastic, soft plastic, thin plastic, thick plastic. It's not... Plastic isn't just one thing. It's a whole other thing. And so this has led to great difficulties in trying to recycle it. With that said, in the case of water bottles, that is a solvable problem. There's enough uniformity in that plastic of those bottles that if you could gather it all up, you really can make it into new products. So what could we do? We could have regulations to have only certain types of plastic be available to certain things, and have recycling systems set up for those certain types of plastic. It takes big ideas, people, big ideas. So the fashion industry, or the apparel industry, clothing, goes through a lot of material, a lot of electricity, not only in the manufacture of the clothes themselves, but sending these clothes all over the world. Fashions are always changing with human nature, and so we go through a lot of clothes, that we don't wear. If you say to people, well, just stop changing your fashions. Just wear the same clothes for years and years and years. Well, that's a fine idea, but that's just not going to work. That's sort of top-down directing people who have been living one way with human nature for centuries, telling them to change to this other way. It almost certainly won't work. If we found a way to recover and reuse all the apparel that we stop wearing, it would change the world. So-called upcycle it, or melt it down and make it into more clothing. So I'm excited about the future of fashion, but we've got to embrace it. We have to acknowledge that there's a problem and make changes, both in manufacturing and in how we ship it over enormous distances around the world. Now, when I was a kid, there were fewer than 3 billion people in the world. Now there are almost 8 billion people in the world. In my lifetime, it's almost tripled. And that is requiring us to raise a lot more food to feed a lot more people. And wait, wait, there's more. There's less arable land. There's less farmland available for two reasons. First, cities are just getting bigger. We're just overwhelming old farming areas. And the other thing, the ocean's getting bigger. Sea level is rising, and coastal communities are losing farmland. So we're going to have to do more with less. So when we try to feed eight and then soon nine billion people, we are going to need new types of crops. Crops that can tolerate droughts or dry conditions, crops that can tolerate floods or very wet conditions. And all this is going to take genetic modification of crops that we know about. It's going to be an amazing future in agriculture. So you guys, I live in Los Angeles in an area people call the Valley. There's a notorious stereotype of the way people like talk in the Valley. And that's where I live. So at the end of the block was Ed Begley Jr., a very well-known actor. You've seen him in all sorts of movies. He's in all sorts of television shows and movies. And he's a hardcore environmentalist. He had solar panels on the roof of his house. He had a solar hot water system. He had very nice thermal pane windows. Well, I moved literally up the street from him. Up the street. Uphill a little bit. And I thought, I can do that. So I put on more efficient solar panels than he had. I put in a more efficient solar hot water system than he had. Yes, I put in the latest technology windows, outperforming his windows. And then he moved about a mile away. And they tore it. He and his wife tore down a house completely and rebuilt it all super green. That is to say, with high technology, low volatile emission paints. He's got nine kilowatts of solar panels. He has a solar heated lap swimming pool. And he has this extraordinary electrical system, this system of circuit breakers. And he has an inductive stove. Doesn't burn natural gas to cook. And it really is a beautiful thing. So for a while, I was keeping up with Ed Begley. But now, no, I'm not even close. Don't worry about me. I'll be all right. So if you want to do something about climate change and you own a home, or you're in good stead with your landlord, I recommend to everybody change the windows. The windows in your house or apartment make a huge difference. Get modern windows that are double or triple paned, so-called low emissivity glass. And they make a huge difference on the environment, for the environment in your house or apartment. So I, as a hobbyist, a guy with resources, have taken several individual actions to reduce my carbon footprint, the amount of carbon dioxide and methane I produce as a guy living in a house in Los Angeles. I have solar panels. My constraint is the neighbor's house casts a big shadow, so I can only get so much light, converted to so much electricity. I have a solar hot water system. So sunlight hits this big glass panel, the water gets hot, but I still boost it in the wintertime, or even the spring and fall, up to warm, very warm temperatures for washing dishes and so on. I boost it with inline hot water heaters. I have this garden where I get a lot of produce using this new reduced demand drip irrigation system. Okay, that's good. But everybody can't do that. And besides, those actions are not enough for me. I don't get enough in the wintertime. I have battery storage, but it's not enough in the winter when the sun's low in the sky. The wind doesn't blow in my little neighborhood very hard, very often. That idea that individual actions are going to take care of climate change is not appropriate. To address climate change, we're going to need big ideas, completely new sources of electricity, newly configured power grid, a new way to use water to not waste high-quality potable water. We need cities to be redesigned so that people are more comfortable and they're more trees to provide shade in the summer and so on and so on. We need big ideas, and those are going to come from innovators and they're also going to come from you and me through the individual action of voting. And if you're too young to vote, I know you're going to hassle the grownups in your life to make sure they at least recycle all their bottles and cans. At least. But then, it is to be hoped they will also be encouraged strongly to vote with the environment and climate change in mind. The biggest emitters of greenhouse gases are transportation, electricity generation, industry, residential and office uses, and finally, agriculture. It's going to take big, bold ideas to tackle climate change. We're just trying to change the world. How hard could that be? Welcome to my master class. Fighting climate change will require the cooperation of everyone. Citizens, businesses, and governments. With science as our guide star, we can rise to the occasion, create a society based not on fear and ignorance, but fairness and reason. For this to happen, we must confront inequality, kindle a collective spirit, and consider bold new ideas. You may have heard of the tragedy of the commons. This is an old idea that's pretty easy to understand. It's based on the idea that you had farmers living around a big grassland. If everybody's allowed a certain number of cattle or cows to graze on that land, then things are fair. Everybody gets the same amount of grass. But suppose somebody says, well, I'm just going to have one extra cow so I can get a little more milk, which I can have for my family or maybe I can sell at the market. Then one extra cow may not have a big effect if there's hundreds or thousands of cows. But if everybody does that, then the commons, the common grassland, can't support everyone because everyone's taking a little more than his or her share. That's the tragedy of the commons. Everybody adding just a little bit ends up causing hardship for everyone. So in the case of the farmers, the cost of raising the cow is the grass. After the cow eats the grass, the grass is too short for other cows to feed on. So this farmer in this case, in the old case of the commons, has externalized his cost. That is to say, someone else has to be out there to let the grass grow back. And the big example of this, you guys, is when we burn fossil fuels. We produce carbon dioxide. It goes into the atmosphere, the atmosphere that we all share, and causes the whole world to get warmer. Traditionally, whether or not the car, for example, gets a few miles per gallon or a lot of miles per gallon, the externalization, the throwing of the carbon dioxide into the common atmosphere, is a problem for everyone. You are externalizing the cost of producing this carbon dioxide. This is an old idea in economics, but there's a lot to it. It's a very important, big idea. So what we could do, if you had to pay a fee for every ton of carbon dioxide you put into the air, this would make everything quite a bit more fair. The more carbon dioxide you burn, the more money you have to put into some fund for adding this carbon to the commons of the atmosphere. And you can say, well, that's a regressive tax because lower income people, would pay the same for their carbon as higher income people. But here's the trick, that people have done economic studies on this. Because wealthy people, or people who live a more energy intensive lifestyle, produce more carbon, they would pay a lot more than somebody who, who mows lawns for a living and goes from house to house and has to drive from house to house. If somebody lives in a mansion with huge air conditioning systems and giant home entertainment systems and huge windows that cause the heating and air conditioning bills to be high, that person will pay more for the carbon he or she produces. So although it sounds a little bit like a regressive tax, in practice, studies show or indicate that will actually be a progressive tax. And by that we mean it will tax people with more resources a little more. And the other thing, it would encourage innovation. If it costs more to do, to run your car, to cool or heat your house, people who produce these systems, heating, ventilation, air conditioning systems, cars, buses, trains, they would work hard to make those systems more efficient. So that whoever's using them would have to pay less money into this fund. It's this thing where even the most conservative, even the most libertarian people you might expect to be on board. But so far it just, it's an idea that just hasn't caught on. But perhaps in the next decade it will. Well, here's what we'll probably do. It will start out low, say $10 a ton of carbon dioxide. And then as years go on, we will gently increase the cost per ton. And these things will work, in parallel, the curves will cross, as the old saying goes, where things will cost a little more to do, but as things become more efficient, they will cost less to do. And so eventually we'll have much more efficient economy. Another problem for certain people is the idea that if you give something to somebody, it means you have taken it. You've taken something from somebody else. And we have to kind of get past that idea. When there are disadvantaged people, lower income people, trying to get by, they make decisions that are not compatible with addressing climate change. They don't replace their cars to get more efficient cars. They can't afford to replace the windows in their home. They can't afford to take steps to, to move to higher ground. They can't do that. And that becomes a burden on all of us. So this idea of redistribution of wealth is really important in addressing climate change. What we want in the future is to have no extreme poverty. In fact, no poverty at all. And it doesn't mean you just give people stuff. It means you enable people to live a high quality of life without producing very much greenhouse gas emissions. This is a doable thing, but it's very troubling to some people because they feel it's not fair. Well, it's not fair to everybody in the world to dump carbon dioxide into the atmosphere and raise the climate for everyone. And this, when you say it that way, of course it seems obvious. I claim we need three things when it comes to climate change. We need clean water, renewably produced electricity, and access to the internet for everyone in the world. We can use science to feed everybody, address climate change, and raise the quality of life for women and girls especially, which raises the quality of life for everyone in the world. Let's go. My parents were in World War II. They're both veterans of World War II. And they didn't want to be in the war. My father was working for the Navy before the Navy had construction battalions as a construction worker. My mother was recruited out of college because people were needed to address this code-breaking issue. And everybody got involved in resolving this global conflict. World War II. All the posters, all the music, the rationing, some of which was done just to get people involved. Just to get people engaged and remind them how important it was to be involved in this. And so everybody got involved and resolved this global problem. I think if we all worked together to address climate change, we would be working together for the common good. And we could achieve extraordinary things. So I have this idea of a national service. And I think it's pretty straightforward to show that the cost of a national service would pale, would be much smaller than the benefit you would get from national service. So my idea, everybody, is that you'd have to do your national service between the time you are, let's say, 18, when you're traditionally drafted and you're able to vote, and before, let's say, your 27th birthday. So somewhere in those years, you would have to serve two years for the nation. This sounds like an expensive and complicated idea, but we have all sorts of national programs that are far more complicated. And by the way, if you join the military, man, you're in. That's your national service. And right now, we have this tremendous division state by state. Okay, let's have one state have its own state service, and then the adjacent states would want to have their services too. Because let's say, for example, you served your, let's say, state for two years, then you would get tuition to the state universities. And the higher the quality of the state university, the more people would be motivated to do the state service. It would be a wonderful idea that would solve several problems at once. First of all, we'd work together to improve our infrastructure, improve the quality of life of our young people and, let's say, our elderly. Then we'd have improved infrastructure, bridges, roads, electrical systems, desalination plants, irrigation crops. And then the other thing is we'd all have to work together to save the world. And I say save the world. The world's going to be here. The Earth's going to be here no matter what we do. We want to save the world for us, for humans. That's what I'm talking about. Save the world for people. To fight climate change, we must also fight inequality. Let's try carbon. Carbon fees. If everyone performed public service, it might make the world a better place. Thanks for watching this far, if you did. There's a little bit more. Turn it up loud! Let's keep looking outside the box. Let's look outside the planet. By comparing Earth to our planetary neighbors, we gain valuable insights about our future. It's inspiring for us and for future generations of scientific innovators. Let's take knowledge and inspiration from the cosmos. So there are visionaries who say, well, we'll go live on another planet. We'll go live on Mars. Everybody, that's not going to happen. Sorry, even if people live on Mars, they're going to be completely dependent on back home here on Earth. Earth is perfectly suited to us. Earth is our home. So we have to take care of it. As you may know, I was in engineering school at Cornell University. And I went to Cornell because of some sort of clerical error in the admissions department, which is remarkable. But I completed my mechanical engineering requirements and I thought for kicks, I would take an astronomy class from this famous guy, Carl Sagan. I took one class. And Carl Sagan talked continually about what he called comparative planetology. What we can learn by comparing the climate of Earth with the climate of Mars with the climate of Venus. And you talk about a cautionary tale. Everybody, we can learn. But we cannot live on Mars. I'm not saying we couldn't survive there with extraordinary technology for a few weeks, months, or even years. But you can't go to live there because there's no water, there's no food, and there's no air. Mars has a very, very thin atmosphere. It's so thin that right at the surface of Mars on a sunny day near the equator of Mars, it might be right around freezing. Zero Celsius, 32 degrees Fahrenheit. Then as you reach up as high as I am tall, the temperature might drop by as much as 20 degrees Celsius. If you stand on a ladder, it would drop 40 degrees Celsius because the atmosphere is so thin. Nevertheless, Mars does have an atmosphere and it has a greenhouse effect. It has enough carbon dioxide to keep the planet's surface just somewhat warmer than it would be otherwise. Well, now we compare Earth to Venus. We do not want to be Venus. This is where carbon was cooked out of the rocks, became carbon dioxide, or perhaps it spewed out of volcanoes. And there's enough carbon dioxide in the Venusian atmosphere to make the greenhouse effect just run away. The hotter it got, the more carbon cooked out of the rocks, and the more carbon dioxide was in the atmosphere, the hotter and hotter it got. The Venusian atmosphere is 90 times the thickness of Earth's atmosphere. It's like being underwater, a long way underwater. And it's fantastically hot. We could not survive for an instant on Venus. Lead would melt in a few moments. You would be incinerated in seconds. The surface temperature on Venus is around 470 Celsius, 880 Fahrenheit. So by studying Venus, we learn that Venus is a planet that is not only a planet, but a planet that is a planet. We learn about the greenhouse effect, and we learn about the greenhouse effect here on Earth, how it makes life possible and how we can't let it run away. There's a lesson to be learned from studying these other planets. But get this, everybody. The Venusian atmosphere is so thick that high in the Venusian atmosphere, it's temperate. It's 30, 40 Celsius. And it's around evidence, not proof, but evidence of phosphine gas. This is phosphorus with some hydrogens around it. And the main way we know to get that here on Earth is from living things, from bacteria. Are there organisms floating around in the Venusian atmosphere, what we would call aeroplankton, like plankton in the ocean? We have aeroplankton here on Earth, one-celled organisms that float around in the sky. And we know that there's such a thing on Venus. My friends, if we were to find evidence of life in the Venusian atmosphere, evidence of life in the icy slush just under the sand on Mars, if we were to find something still alive on one of those places, it would change the world. It would change the way each of us feels about being a living thing here in the cosmos. It would change your relationship to the universe. And that's why we spend a very small fraction of our treasure, our money, and a reasonable fraction of our intellect, our scientific talent and engineering talent, on exploring these other worlds. Because the chance of making a discovery that changes everything is worth it. Are we alone? Is life, this extraordinary thing that's only happened once here on this one planet, is life happen on otherwise what we would think of as hostile planets, Mars and Venus? There's one way to make sure you never find out. And that's to not explore. But that's not our nature, my friends. Our nature is to look up and out, to learn more about our place in the cosmos, to know our place in the universe. It helps us know our relationship to nature and our relationship to life. And that's why we're all so close to each other. Space exploration brings out the best in us. Complicate indication to deploy. Senko Delta. Touchdown confirmed. Perseverance safely on the surface of Mars. In order to maintain an optimistic view of the future, it's vital to celebrate historic achievements. They serve as important reminders that by tapping into our collective knowledge, we can solve daunting problems and accomplish great things. And these great things often have humble beginnings. My dad, as I may have mentioned, was a prisoner of war, World War II. 44 months. Longer than anybody else from the US. They were captured from Wake Island on Christmas Eve, 1941. The Japanese military confiscated all their jewelry, including their watches. So the story goes, my father got very interested in sundials. And he, by all accounts, would set up a shovel handle and watch the shadow go away. Watch the shadow go around. And think about the motion of the sun. And suggest to the guards when it might be time to take a break. And also to infer a little bit about the time of year and how far from the equator they were. And so on. And so he talked about sundials often. And he took pictures of sundials everywhere he went. Dozens, maybe hundreds of them. And eventually he compiled his favorites into a book, Sundials of Maryland and Virginia. So I grew up with all the sundial talk. But as a rebellious teenager, I set the sundial lore aside in my mind. And then through the success of The Science Guy Show, I got invited to a meeting at Cornell University because one of the principal investigators on the two rovers that became Spirit and Opportunity had kids who watched The Science Guy Show. So in this meeting, they had certain pictures hanging on the wall. And one of them was taken by the Sojourner rover cameras, which had been on Mars in 1997. And I looked at this thing, and they had a metal post about the size of a pencil that golf players use, a short pencil, that was designed to do nothing but cast a shadow. Now, as I may have mentioned many times during this course, I used to work at Boeing, and you're never supposed to add weight to the aircraft. That's bad. Don't add weight. Oh, man, don't even think about adding weight, let alone say anything out loud about it. Nevertheless, engineers and scientists had decided to send a piece of aluminum all the way to Mars to do nothing but cast a shadow. There are four of these. There's one on the Spirit rover, the Opportunity rover, the Curiosity rover, and now the Perseverance rover. And they are called the photometric calibration target. They are put there to get the electronically calibrated colors and the cameras correct. Because back in the disco era in 1976, they'd calibrated the cameras on Earth, they sent the thing to Mars, and the first pictures that came back from Mars had Mars with a blue sky, a beautiful blue sky. So apparently it was about a day and a half before they realized that they had calibrated the cameras on Earth, and when they got to Mars, the calibration was done. And the color wasn't as good. They realized that although it's a planet and it has a sky, it has a different color sky. The sky is a pale orange, and so the shadows are a little bit orange. So by sending this metal post all the way to Mars, they could train a camera on a disk of known value, and by that I mean how gray something is, and they could infer the color of the sky and how much that was influencing the color of the rocks and how much that was influencing a geologist's inference about what the rocks were made of. So I was in this meeting at Cornell University, and they had another one of these things that was going to be sent all the way to Mars. And I'm just beginning to understand how important this is, that we're going to add weight to a spacecraft just to cast a shadow. I mean, couldn't use a wire bundle or some antennas. No, no, we want to get it exactly right. Okay. So I said, you guys, we've got to make the photometric calibration targets into sundials. Huh? What do you think? That's what my dad would have wanted. We'd have sundials on Mars, and then we could tell time on Mars. You know, sun time on Mars. So my friends, we put, we put two sundials on Mars, which we call the Mars dials. And you can see the dark gray, light gray, hardly gray rings, and we looked at the shadows cast by this upright post, which in sundials is called the gnomon. It's an old Greek word that means to guide. At sunrise and sunset, or when the sun is low in the sky, the shadow of the ball goes off the surface, or what's called the table of the dial. And so we have a lower shape. We have this star shape. And these two shapes are called the nodi, or each one is called a nodus. So there's an upper nodus and a lower nodus that cast a shadow on the table of the Mars dial. So the lesson to be learned here, among other things, about photometric, about photometrics and colors and geology and rocks, is that by comparing one planet to another, we learn a great deal about our planet and our place here and our place in the cosmos. If we observe the position of the sun in the Earth's sky at the same time every day, let's say noon, we get this pattern. It's called the analemma. It's from a Latin word for pedestal, the pedestal under a sundial. It has this shape because of the size and shape of the Earth's orbit and the tilt of the Earth relative to the plane of the Earth's orbit. If you look at the analemma on Mars, it has a very different shape. You're on a different planet with a more eccentric, a more out-of-round orbit with about the same tilt. It's a different perception. It's a different perspective on the same star. That to me is elegant and beautiful. They're ellipses. It reminds me of being in physics class with my head tilted. These small things that happen to you along the course of your life can have a big effect on how you feel about your place in the world. Growing up, my father was into sundials on account of something that happened to him. I heard about sundials, and then I was in a meeting, and I became a tiny part of this mission to Mars. And that is empowering. It's really a remarkable thing. I guarantee you that things have happened to you, that have happened to each of us, that have a profound effect on you and how you're going to feel about your place here on Earth. So after the Viking landings on Mars, it became clear that government support of planetary exploration was not especially high, but public interest in it was very high. So Carl Sagan, along with two other guys, Bruce Murray, who was the head of the Jet Propulsion Lab, and Lou Friedman, who was an orbital mechanics guy there, started the Planetary Society. And now I'm the CEO. We're the world's largest independent space interest organization, and our mission is to advance space science and exploration so that citizens of the world will be empowered to know the cosmos and our place within it. I'm proud to do this job. It's a result of everything that happened to me my whole life. And what we do is engage people who love space. And it turns out there are a great many of us around the world. Oh, wait, wait, there's more. Sundials often have a motto. We want to give you something to think about. So you'll see sundials, that say, I only count the sunny hours. Yeah, okay, you're a sundial. Or there's one that's common enough in France. It says, every hour injures, the last hour kills. Like, whoa, sunny day. Well, that's existentialism. You know, like, life sucks, then you die. Great. But we came up with this motto. Two worlds, one sun. And it's really something to think about. That Earth and Mars are separate worlds, but we orbit the same star. Shadows on Earth, shadows on Mars, are created by life from the same life-giving sun. That, to me, is just marvelous. And then it says, to those who visit here, we wish a safe journey and the joy of discovery. And that, my friends, is the essence of science. The joy of discovery. When you use the process of science to learn something about the universe, your place within it, or about light switches in the hallway of a house, it's empowering. It makes you feel good. You learn more about yourself and your relationship to the world around you. To those who visit here, a safe journey, the joy of discovery. First of all, it says right away, people are going to visit. How optimistic is that? That we will have solved problems here on Earth. Space exploration will become possible. It was so easy or straightforward that we'll be able to send our representatives there to explore. How wonderful is that? The joy of discovery. The passion, beauty, and joy of science. That's why I'm in this business. That's why I wanted to show you this information in this master class. . . . Ah! Oh! Still fresh for me. Every freaking time. Sorry. Still funny for me. Let's settle in. Here we go. . . . . This story was presented to me as a true story when I was young. It may or may not be a true story. My grandfather was in the rotary. He rented a tuxedo. He took a train to Philadelphia for the convention. He didn't know how to tie the bow tie that came with the rented tuxedo. So he went to the hotel room next door. Just took a chance. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Well, I'm an undertaker. It's the only way I know how to do it. Here's one more lesson that's near and dear to my heart. Well, in the Scouts, I developed a useful skill that I'd like to pass along. It's not only practical knowledge, they're beautiful examples of how science and engineering apply to your everyday life. So we're going to talk about knots. I'm not kidding. Knots. And there's five knots I think everybody should know. Now look, you guys, I didn't invent these knots. These have been around for centuries. Everybody you'll ever meet knows something you don't. Someone has experimented and experimented and come up with these knots. And I think if you know them, you'll be empowered. You don't have to worry about tying stuff down. You don't have to worry about whether or not it's going to blow away. So we'll start with tying a rope to a thing. This would be a post. Let's talk first about a half hitch. You know this knot. You go like that. It might be an overhand knot, right? Well, if you get two of them, you can tie a rope to something. So there's going around it once, going around it twice. That will tie a rope to a post. You can tie it this way or you can go back this way. And it will stay there as long as you want. That's good. I see people driving down the street with a tree on the roof or what have you. The tree is blowing all over the place. The mattress is going all over the place. Whenever you want to attach a rope, a line, to a spar, like say the roof rack of your car, what you want is a clove hitch. And I guess to somebody this looked like the hoof of a bull. It's a bull. It's a bull. You want it to be a clove foot. It's a slug. It's a clove foot, a clove foot. The cove foot is an animal. It's the back of a clove footed animal. So this knot will hold a rope to a spar, to a stick, very easily. You can tie it as I just did by following it around or, oh my friends, you can tie one loop, another loop just like it. So, that's a clove hitch. I encourage everybody to learn this knot. It will change your life. Then you may have tied a knot that slips, where you go like this and you pull this tight and it comes apart, or you pull this and it slips. But a very useful knot to have in your repertoire is the bowline, also called the king of knots. You may have heard the story where there's a rabbit hole. The rabbit, I presume it's a rabbit, might be a happy bunny, comes out of the hole, goes around the tree and back in the hole. My friends, having a loop that does not slip is of great value. This knot is traditionally called a bowline, spelled bowline. It's how you would secure a boat to a post or a bullock. In life, you have probably had to tie something down. Holiday tree on the roof of your car, a mattress on the back of your truck. For that, we want you to use what's called a rigger's hitch. Some people call it a trucker's hitch. I've heard it called a canoer's hitch. You are going to tie a... Okay. One end of the rope to one side of the car or truck with a clove hitch, everybody's favorite. And then we're going to tie the other side down with a knot that enables us to pull it tight. We run the rope under the other side of the roof rack or what have you. And then we come up here and we tie a knot that will... We start a knot that will slip. I twisted the rope twice. I reach through the twist. I grab another loop. And so now I have a loop that does slip. This loop will slip. But then I bring the rope from the other side through that loop and I can pull it tight, really tight. It's like a pulley. You can pull this stuff tight and it will stay on the roof of your car. Then you secure this free end to something, maybe another clove hitch here, or you can tie it... If you want, right around the very rope you started with. And now you can drive down the road confidently and your tree won't end up in the freeway in front of me. The mattress will not present itself to me as the driver behind your truck. And everyone's life will be enriched. Another knot everybody's probably heard of is a square knot. Now everybody, a square knot is square. That is to say it's symmetrical. Isn't that beautiful? And you tie it. You may have heard the story by going left over right, right over left, or whatever you want to call it. There it is. You can also tie it in a fancy way by having a loop like this. This shape in ropes is called a bite. B-I-G-H-T. You take a bite and you follow it around with another line or rope and you can get the square knot. Doesn't that just fill you with joy? Of course it does. Now, where you'll find a square knot in your everyday world is a square bow where you take the same knot and make it so that it comes apart. And you've all tied these. You've seen bow knots. They're on your shoes. You pull one side and it conveniently comes apart. Isn't that nice? So when you tie your shoes, everybody, everybody, please, please, can we tie square bows? Can we just do that one thing? You know, I've walked down the street of minding my own business and I see people who've tied their shoes with asymmetrical knots. Now, I'm not saying that's a bad thing. I'm just saying that's a bad thing. I'm just saying that's a bad thing. So I'm just saying that's a bad thing. I'm just saying that's a bad thing. So when you tie these knots, now, I had wonderful relationships with both of my grandmothers. And I don't mean to disparage them in any way, but for some ancient reason, when you don't tie this knot squarely, you tie it in asymmetrical fashion. It is called a granny knot. Now, what happened here, instead of going right over left, left over right, I went right over left, left over left again. I went right over left. Right over left. So it starts out looking kind of square, but it's not going to hold its shape. It's going to come apart. So when you tie your shoes, everyone please, you do right over left, left over right. Then just pay attention. When you make the bows, you can do it either as I'm doing it now by making one bite, one loop, wrapping it. Or if you're a bunny ear person, you want two bunny ears. That's fine. But when you tie it, please, let's have a square bow. I claim that when you tie a square bow and pull it tight, there's a fabulous verb, when you dress it, when you dress the knot squarely, it will stay tied all day. You don't need to double knot it. You don't need to have this clump of string hanging on your shoe. And what's it do? It breaks my heart. It breaks my heart. When I see half the people in the world. I'm like, what? What's the clump of string hanging on the world with asymmetrical shoe knots? Anyway, the same knot, the bow knot, is found here on your neck when you're wearing a bow tie. So you tie one over the other, so-called overhand knot. And then you make a loop just like you would on your shoe. Then this comes over the top. And you must maintain this opening. And I do it with my left index finger. You can use whatever else you might have. Handy. Handy. See what I did there? And you pull it tight. And you must dress it. You must pull the knot tight carefully. Same with on your shoe. The same with any of these knots. You have to pull them tight, snug them down. You might say to me, Bill, what's this business with the knots? Isn't that some sort of tangent, some digression? Oh, no. I'm going to tie this into the master class. See what I did there? I claim that knowing the knots is important. See what I did there? I claim that knowing the knots is important. See what I did there? I claim that knowing the knots is important. I claim that knowing the knots is important. And so I'll show you how to tie these knots. It's an analog. It's a way of thinking. It's a way of respecting our ancestors who must have tried tying knots every which way. They came up with these patterns that work. And when you have a symmetrical bow, it just looks better than an asymmetrical bow. And it allows you to tie a bow tie. And obviously, it's pretty cool. So there you go. Everyone you'll ever meet knows something you don't. It could be knots. or designing a more efficient solar panel. Use science, use engineering. Work together as one people and we will solve any problem we face. I'm Bill Nye, and this is my MasterClass.