 In trying to figure out what should I eat and what should you eat, I realized that food rules offered a way, a tool, a useful tool. By food rules, I mean policies. What a policy does for you is it keeps you from having to run a complicated algorithm every time you're making a decision. So in other words, you go down the aisle of the supermarket, you pick up the food, and you read all these ingredients, and you have to sit there and think, oh, this has high fructose corn syrup in it. I don't think I should eat this. It has maltodextrin. I don't even know what that is. And you're stuck, and it's a half hour on aisle three. But if you have a policy, I'm not going to eat any food with more than five ingredients, suddenly the problem takes care of itself. So the idea of food rules is develop a set of policies that makes it more reasonable for you to... So you choose foods without going through that really complicated analysis. I actually wrote a book of these rules called Food Rules. Here are some of them. Don't eat anything your great-grandmother wouldn't recognize as food. Eat only foods that have been cooked by humans. Eat when you're hungry and not when you're bored. So, you know, these food rules, I didn't write. I mean, I wrote some of them. Mostly I curated them. And I went around... I went around asking people. I mean, one great rule I got from a grandmother is, the whiter the bread, the sooner you'll be dead. I thought that was a pretty blunt one. So these are memes circulating in the culture. In terms of which ones you're going to adopt, I mean, you know, you can come up with your own. And I encourage you to send them in if you do, because I'm still collecting them. And if you come up with a good food rule that has some kind of visual possibilities, think about making a poster, a Victory Garden style poster. And send that to me too. What works for you? What do you remember? What's sticky? I mean, that whiter the bread, the sooner you'll be dead, I mean, that sticks. You'll remember that next time you're picking up a loaf of bread. You may go more to the whole grain, hopefully, because that's ringing in your ear somewhere. So what's sticky with you? That's all.